Create specification for the Verkle State Network (#295)
ethereum/portal-network-specs: state-verkle-network.md

> 🚧 THE SPEC IS IN A STATE OF FLUX AND SHOULD BE CONSIDERED UNSTABLE 🚧

## Overview

The Verkle State Network subnetwork protocol is almost identical to the [State Network](./state-network.md). The main difference is in the way that data is structured and encoded. Only differences will be provided below.

### Portal Network version of the Verkle Trie

The high level overview and reasoning, can be found here: [ethresear.ch/t/portal-network-verkle/19339](https://ethresear.ch/t/portal-network-verkle/19339).

Portal Network stores every trie node that ever existed. For optimization reasons, each trie node is split into 2-layer mini trie and each node from the mini-trie is stored separately in the network. The exact encoding and the content key is derived differently and is specified below.

To represent the trie node, the Verkle Trie uses Pedersen Commitment, which is calculated using following formula:

$$C = Commit(a_0, a_1, ..., a_{255}) = a_0B_0 + a_1B_1 + ... + a_{255}B_{255}$$

where:
- $B_i$ is basis of the Pedersen commitment

>     - already fixed Elliptic curve points on the Bandwagon (variation of the [Bandersnatch](https://ethresear.ch/t/introducing-bandersnatch-a-fast-elliptic-curve-built-over-the-bls12-381-scalar-field/9957)) curve.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - already fixed Elliptic curve points on the Banderwagon (a prime order subgroup over [Bandersnatch](https://ethresear.ch/t/introducing-bandersnatch-a-fast-elliptic-curve-built-over-the-bls12-381-scalar-field/9957)) curve.
```

$$

## Specification

### Protocol Identifier

As specified in the [Protocol identifiers](./portal-wire-protocol.md#protocol-identifiers) section of the Portal wire protocol, the `protocol` field in the `TALKREQ` message **MUST** contain the value of `0x500E`.

### Helper Data Types

#### Paths (Nibbles)

The Nibbles structure for encoding the trie path is the same as for the [State Network](./state-network.md##paths-nibbles).

#### Commitment

Both commitment (elliptic curve point) and hash commitment (scalar field value) can be encoded using 32 bytes. We will define them separately in order to be explicit.

```
Commitment      := Bytes32  # Elliptic curve point
HashCommitment  := Bytes32  # Scalar field value
```

#### Commitment Proof

**⚠️ This section needs more reserach and detailed specifiction. ⚠️**

In order to prevent bad actors from creating false data for the roots of the mini tries, we have to create and include proof that children commitments are correct. The exact proof schema is being researched.

```
CommitmentProof := Bytes512
```

#### Children

All our nodes store up to 16 children. We encode bitmap of present children, and then the children themself.

```

> Children[type]  := Container(bitmap: Bitvector(16), children: List[type; 16])

Reviewer 2: What does `type` mean here?
